src/problem2/README.md, before:

# Currency Swap App

A modern and user-friendly currency swap application built with React, Vite,
TypeScript, Tailwind CSS, and Hero UI. This project allows users to swap assets
between different currencies with real-time conversion rates.

## 🚀 Features

- Swap between supported cryptocurrencies
- Fetch real-time currency prices using React Query
- Interactive UI with **Hero UI** components
- Form validation and error handling
- Loading states for better user experience
- Responsive design

## 🛠️ Prerequisites

Make sure you have the following installed before running the project:

- **[Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)** (v16 or higher recommended)
- **[pnpm](https://pnpm.io/)** (preferred package manager)
- **[Vite](https://vitejs.dev/)** (Fast build tool for React)
- **[React](https://react.dev/)** (Latest version)
- **[TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)**
- **[Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/)** (For styling)
- **[Hero UI](https://www.heroui.com/)** (For UI components)
- **[React Query](https://tanstack.com/query/latest)** (For fetching and caching
  currency data)
- **[Axios](https://axios-http.com/)** (For API calls)

## 📦 Installation

Clone the repository and install dependencies using `pnpm`:

```sh
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/TheCodister/nguyenngocquang---codingchallenge.git
cd src/problem2

# Install dependencies
pnpm install
```

## 🏃‍♂️ Running the App

Start the development server:

```sh
pnpm dev
```

Then, open `http://localhost:5173/` in your browser.

## 🔧 Configuration

The application fetches currency prices from:

```
https://interview.switcheo.com/prices.json
```

## 🤝 Contribution

Feel free to fork this repository and contribute by submitting a pull request.
🚀

## 📜 License

This project is licensed under the my License.

Commit message:

feat: CRUD operation between frontend and backend + add problem3

src/problem2/README.md, after:

# Currency Swap App

A modern and user-friendly currency swap application built with React, Vite,
TypeScript, Tailwind CSS, and Hero UI. This project allows users to swap assets
between different currencies with real-time conversion rates.

## 🚀 Features

- Swap between supported cryptocurrencies
- Fetch real-time currency prices using React Query
- Interactive UI with **Hero UI** components
- Form validation and error handling
- Loading states for better user experience
- Responsive design

## 🛠️ Prerequisites

Make sure you have the following installed before running the project:

- **[Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)** (v16 or higher recommended)
- **[pnpm](https://pnpm.io/)** (preferred package manager)
- **[Vite](https://vitejs.dev/)** (Fast build tool for React)
- **[React](https://react.dev/)** (Latest version)
- **[TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)**
- **[Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/)** (For styling)
- **[Hero UI](https://www.heroui.com/)** (For UI components)
- **[React Query](https://tanstack.com/query/latest)** (For fetching and caching
  currency data)
- **[Axios](https://axios-http.com/)** (For API calls)

## 📦 Installation

Clone the repository and install dependencies using `pnpm`:

```sh
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/TheCodister/nguyenngocquang---codingchallenge.git
cd src/problem2

# Install dependencies
pnpm install
```

## 🏃‍♂️ Running the App

Start the development server:

```sh
pnpm dev
```

Then, open `http://localhost:5173/` in your browser.

### If you want to run the history storing and deleting feature, do the following:

```sh
cd ..
cd problem5
pnpm install
pnpm dev
```

The backend development server has start at http://localhost:3001/

## 🔧 Configuration

The application fetches currency prices from:

```
https://interview.switcheo.com/prices.json
```

## 🤝 Contribution

Feel free to fork this repository and contribute by submitting a pull request.
🚀

## 📜 License

This project is licensed under the my License.
